Grandpa, why did you hit me?
It's you prodigal thing
Do you know who he is?
He is the savior of the old man
What? How is that possible?
Dad, this is the cure for grandpa
The person grandpa asked me to accompany
It's him who quickly apologizes to him
Hmm, you can do it without apologizing.
Anyway, starting today
Your monthly allowance is down to 100,000
And your property.
Car
And all the assets and shares of the old man must be recovered
No grandpa I apologize
Can I apologize?
Brother Fan is my eyes but I don't know Mount Tai
You adults don't remember villains
Spare me this time
No more, just slap me twice.
This time it's for your grandfather's sake
Forgive you
Go back.
Just being polite to you.
Fucking ugly
Ugly what ugly
Dad, you lack of string
He still seeks revenge every day
Do you know the origin of this Xiao Fan?
Even your grandfather's bodyguard
No match for him
How is that possible?
I'm telling you that's the truth.
I was in the house watching him break in
I thought he was sneaking in
I found out later
Your grandfather's tiled guards were all brought down by him
Don't blame me for not warning you.
Make friends with him quickly
Even if your grandfather spared you
I won't forgive you either.